# Developing for Hopcodes-Site

Want to start working on the HopCodes website? You've come to the right place! Reading this doc should get you up and running quickly.

## Project Architecture

The project's file structure is organized like this:

```
hopcodes-site/
├── docs/
│   └── Documentation goes here
├── src/
│   ├── index.html
│   ├── main.css
│   └── examplepage/
│       ├── index.html
│       └── main.css
├── dist/
│   └── Minified files generated by building the project appear here
└── config files, readme, etc.
```

While main.css is shown for each page, you should aim to not include any bespoke CSS outside of what is already offered by Tailwind. This will help keep the website consistent.

## Live Server

A live server can be started using:

`npm run dev`

This page will automatically refresh if any changes are made to the website.

## Building and Distributing

Building can be done by running:

`npm run build`

This will generate a single-page web app in `dist/`. This version is minified and is suitable for public distribution. Your build can be viewed in a live server by running `npm run serve`, but your browser will probably not view it correctly. We're still investigating how to make this command work better.

## Branching

Each time you want to add a new feature, please create a branch with a discriptive title. Feel free to create a draft pull request right away. When you're done, submit a pull request and ideally wait for someone to review and OK it.

## Tailwind

This project uses Tailwind. Tailwind is great, but it can result in very long class lists! If you find yourself using a particular selection of class names a large number of times on a single page or across multiple pages, consider creating a custom CSS class to combine the long class lists. They look like this:

```css
.someSimpleThing {
    @apply p-0 h-16 text-center text-99xl overflow-hidden tailwind-classes are-very-long this-makes-things-simpler
}
```

This applies the very long list of classes after the apply tag on every element with the class `someSimpleThing`. This process can be useful for UI elements that we use many times such as buttons, links, et cetera. If the class is used across multiple pages, place it in the shared folder.

Do not overuse this feature. It should only be used on small, highly reusable things like buttons and links.